hey guys and the box one kitchen I'm
Julia today it has picked a time but
it's going to be a bit different today
because I am going to make a delicious
hippie roti pizza and then there is
going to be a surprise in the crust
which is thus endless of delicious
mozzarella cheese the whole crust all
the way through are going to be filled
with cheese how delicious does that
sound so well let's get started
I have already preheated my oven to 220
degrees C convection oven and if you
don't have convection then just set at
240 degrees C right here I already have
made some delicious pizza dough I have
shown so many times helps make this down
here it is my absolute favorite though
if you want to give it to you a go I'll
just leave the link for my pizza dough
down below and just remember if you're
using a store-bought pizza dough the
temperature and time in the oven might
be a bit different just follow the page
there but now I'm just going to pull
this you're out on my table and I have
already added some flour on to it
and you just see all that gluten in
there
it just looks marvelous
I'm just going to add some flour on here
and just knead it a little bit not much
and I'm just going to cut it in half
just as good as I can
more flour
I need this here then and now I'm just
going to roll it and I've already paired
a baking sheet with some parchment paper
on as well that was my first press here
I'm just going to add on lots and lots
of work but I like cheese
and now I'm just going to roll the other
half out of well and then add on to the
top
and now I'm just going to kind of fool a
crust and close this here at the same
time
here I just have a little bit of melted
butter and I'm just going to brush that
on the top also on the crust out here
just to make it even more delicious but
you can also leave that step out if you
want don't want to have a buttery crust
this is not ready to be baked in the
oven until it is nice and a bit of brown
so just in with it
then we'll keep that Navin in there for
about 12 minutes and the nice golden and
I'm just going to press it down here
because we want room colder filling or
the chopping but can you really hear
that crispy crust
that sounds facing Sam now I'm just
going to add on some tomato sauce you
means you store-bought or homemade I
always use homemade so that's also on my
channel if you want to give that a go
and now just lots of cheese this here is
not a healthy pizza just so you know but
it is absolutely yummy
and I just oh that's delicious pepperoni
this is not ready to get back into the
oven for about five minutes or so and
then we take it out with a cool down for
about ten minutes and then it is ready
to be sick so my pizza is now done and
it smells amazing I really wish that you
could smell this oh my god but I'm just
going to do this rest here for ten
minutes and then I'm going to cut it off
as soon
that is delicious with this crispy pizza
dough and then all that cheese
if I'm to give this you go all agree is
our down below and the link for my pizza
dough and the link for my tomato sauce
don't forget subscribe here and I hope
to see you guys like it tomorrow bye